Base of ai structure and contexts (#41205)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: .ai/Component/Smarty/CONTEXT.md

# Smarty Component

## Purpose

> Front-office templating engine: extended Smarty classes with lazy cache invalidation, module and parent-theme template resource handlers, development debug mode, and adapter classes for managing Smarty settings. Does not power the back-office — that uses Twig exclusively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Front-office templating engine: extended Smarty classes with lazy cache invalidation, module and parent-theme template resource handlers, development debug mode, and adapter classes for managing Smarty settings. Still used in the back-office by legacy pages and modules.
```
